# Project-Proposal
Independent Project Proposal: Duke Drivers 
Amanda Nord

For my independent project, I am working together with Kylie LeBlanc to create a high fidelity prototype of our app, Duke Drivers, that we established in SMAD 317. This app was created to have a more organizational and centralized location to offer sober rides for JMU students only. My first goal for this project is to make sure everything comes together to turn this project in on time. My second goal of this project is to further the prototyping of the app by making it more user friendly as well as implement more design techniques that I have learned throughout my SMAD classes. My main objective of this project in order to further benefit my first goal is to follow all of our deadlines listed below and make sure we stay on track with the work that needs to be accomplished each week. Another objective that I have for my independent project goes along with goal number two. Within goal number two, another objective I have is to have a better design layout for the app. Right now, it doesn’t look as professional as we would like it to so my role for this will be to use the JMU color scheme as well as create a logo to use on all dashboards. By changing to the JMU color scheme and implementing a logo, we would now increase the visual aspect to our app in order to make it even more user friendly to our audience.
Our audience has always been geared towards any JMU student and I feel that it will remain that way as we create the high fidelity prototype for the app. Our timeline will follow a simple schedule to lead us in the right direction of completing this project on time. The week after we submit this independent project proposal, we are going to work on creating sketches and developing storyboards. During this week, we are also going to start brainstorming our technical goals that we want to accomplish. During week 5, we are going to submit the independent project certificate as well as the screen cast that goes with it. While there is nothing to officially turn in on week 6, we are going to work to finalize the production of the app. In week 7, that is when we are going to submit the final deliverables and the official summary of everything that we worked on. 
